accounts-base                          1.1.1  A user account system
accounts-facebook                      1.0.1  Login service for Facebook acco...
accounts-google                        1.0.1  Login service for Google accounts
accounts-password                      1.0.2  Password support for accounts
accounts-twitter                       1.0.1  Login service for Twitter accounts
accounts-ui                            1.1.1  Simple templates to add login w...
aldeed:autoform                        1.0.0* Easily create forms with automa...
aldeed:collection2                     1.0.0* Automatic validation of insert ...
aldeed:simple-schema                   1.0.3  A simple schema validation obje...
autopublish                            1.0.0  Publish the entire database to ...
backbone                               1.0.0  A minimalist client-side MVC fr...
chuangbo:marked                        0.3.5  A markdown parser and compiler....
cmather:handlebars-server              0.2.0* Allows handlebars templates to ...
djedi:sanitize-html                    1.3.0  Sanitze HTML
email                                  1.0.3  Send email messages
insecure                               1.0.0  Allow all database writes by de...
iron:router                            0.9.3  Routing specifically designed f...
jquery                                 1.0.0  Manipulate the DOM using CSS se...
matb33:collection-hooks                0.7.6  Extends Mongo.Collection with b...
meteorhacks:fast-render                1.1.2  Render initial page 2-10 times ...
meteorhacks:npm                        1.2.0  Use npm modules with your Meteo...
meteorhacks:subs-manager               1.1.0  Subscriptions Manager for Meteor
mrt:cookies                            0.3.0  Basic cookies support for client
mrt:jquery-hotkeys                     0.0.1  Meteor Packaged jquery-hotkeys ...
mrt:jquery-ui                          1.9.2  jQuery-UI - jQuery user interface
mrt:jquery-ui-bootstrap                1.8.16  jQuery-UI-Bootstrap - custom C...
mrt:mailchimp                          0.4.0  A Meteor wrapper for MailChimp API
mrt:moment                             2.8.1  Moment.js, a JavaScript date li...
npm-container                          1.0.0  Contains all your npm dependencies
percolatestudio:synced-cron            0.3.0  Allows you to define and run sc...
rajit:bootstrap3-datepicker            1.3.1  Meteor packaging of eternicode/...
sacha:juice                            0.1.0  Juice wrapper package
sacha:spin                             2.0.4  Simple spinner package for Meteor
service-configuration                  1.0.1  Manage the configuration for th...
spiderable                             1.0.3  Makes the application crawlable...
splendido:accounts-templates-unstyled  0.9.5* Accounts Templates unstyled.
standard-app-packages                  1.0.2  Moved to meteor-platform
telescope-api                          0.0.0  Telescope API package
telescope-base                         0.0.0  Telescope base package
telescope-daily                        0.0.0  Telescope daily view
telescope-email                        0.2.9  Telescope email package
telescope-i18n                         0.0.0  Telescope i18n package
telescope-kadira                       0.1.0  Telescope Kadira package
telescope-lib                          0.2.9  Telescope library package
telescope-medbook                      0.0.0  MedBook CRFs package
telescope-module-embedly               0.2.9  Telescope Embedly module package
telescope-module-share                 0.0.0  Telescope share module package
telescope-newsletter                   0.1.0  Telescope email newsletter package
telescope-notifications                0.1.0  Telescope notifications package
telescope-rss                          0.0.0  Telescope RSS package
telescope-search                       0.0.0  Telescope search package
telescope-static-pages                 0.1.0  Telescope static pages package
telescope-tags                         0.0.0  Telescope tags package
telescope-theme-base                   0.0.0  Telescope base theme
telescope-theme-hubble                 0.0.0  Telescope Hubble theme
telescope-update-prompt                0.1.0  Telescope update prompt package.
tmeasday:crypto-md5                    3.1.2  MD5 algorithm for CryptoJS, sta...


 * New versions of these packages are available! Run 'meteor update' to try
 to update those packages to their latest versions. If your packages cannot be
 updated further, try typing meteor add <package>@<newVersion> to see more
 information.
