### v0.24 “SubScope2”

* [BREAKING] Modules data context must now be passed on explicitely using the `moduleData` attribute. 
* [BREAKING] Updated `category_title` template.
* [BREAKING] Refactored `post_admin` template. Added delete link, now using icons, and moved post edit link from `post_info` to `post_admin`. 
* When in debug mode, you can now log out information about a template to the console by clicking on it. 
* Improved category slug generation logic to avoid duplicate slugs.
* [BREAKING] `custom_` prefix is now always loaded last, and takes priority over every other prefix. 
* Added Quickfit script to auto-fit site title to sidebar width in side nav layout.
* [BREAKING] Removed menu component's `menuMode` argument, now doing menu variants via CSS and `menuClass`.
* [BREAKING] Got rid of accordion menu variant.
* [BREAKING] Tweaked markup of menu component.
* Now showing "Post" button to logged out users, too. 
* Icons are now always displayed square with fixed width.
* [BREAKING] Added wrapper `div` to notification, user, and categories menus
* Improved debug mode: you can now click any template to log out its information to the console. 
* Custom menu item templates now inherit helpers from `menuItem` template. 
* Added category hierarchy breadcrumbs to `category_title` template.
* Post submit form now uses collapsible categories menu.
* When adding a category to a post, all parents are now automatically added by default. 
* Added `Category.postsCount` to keep track of how many posts are in a category. 
* Now filtering out categories with no posts from the categories menu. 
* Added `postDeleteAsync` callback hook. 
* Now publishing all public user data all the time to work around nested fields subscriptions bug. 
* Categories with same name now get different, unique slugs. 
* Now getting link source name and URL from Embedly if available.
* [BREAKING] Renamed `posts_views_nav` to `views_menu`. 
* Added `Telescope.modules.addRoute` to add new routes to existing modules.